README.md, before:

# [Budget Bear](http://budgetbear.azurewebsites.net/)

Budget Bear was a project created during First National Bank's 2015 hackathon [Code One Omaha](http://www.codeoneomaha.com/). The challenge was basically to create an application that would help young adults with financial advice and decision making.

### What Is Budget Bear?

Budget Bear is a friendly, money-savvy bear that wants to help you budget and figure out your finances. By entering in your financial goals (such as saving for a house, wanting to attend college, etc.) and a few simple questions about your financial state, Budget Bear provides recommendations and lets you know if your goals are realistic. He will give you a primary goal and a secondary goal, to keep things simple and unintimidating, as well as a detailed breakdown of your financial situation if you want that sort of data.

Budget Bear runs entirely in the user's browser, which means sensitive information is never saved to any database. You can be completely honest with Budget Bear! If you want to save your results for your personal records, you can choose the "print" option on the results page, which will allow you to print and/or save results to a PDF. You can also Tweet your results (which just tells everyone what Budget Bear thinks your primary goal should be, e.g. "Budget Bear looked at my budget and thinks I should focus on my Home").

### Who Is Behind Budget Bear?

[Programmerman1](/Programmerman1) (Nick) - algorithm development, copywriting
[marcusross](/marcusross) (Marcus) - form interactions and processing
[caraheacock](/caraheacock) (Cara) - frontend development, copywriting, graphic design, illustration

### Budget Bear is adorable.

That's not a question but thanks. (◡‿◡✿)

Commit message:

Added a technologies section to the readme

README.md, after:

# [Budget Bear](http://budgetbear.azurewebsites.net/)

Budget Bear was a project created during First National Bank's 2015 hackathon [Code One Omaha](http://www.codeoneomaha.com/). The challenge was basically to create an application that would help young adults with financial advice and decision making.

### What is Budget Bear?

Budget Bear is a friendly, money-savvy bear that wants to help you budget and figure out your finances. By entering in your financial goals (such as saving for a house, wanting to attend college, etc.) and a few simple questions about your financial state, Budget Bear provides recommendations and lets you know if your goals are realistic. He will give you a primary goal and a secondary goal, to keep things simple and unintimidating, as well as a detailed breakdown of your financial situation if you want that sort of data.

Budget Bear runs entirely in the user's browser, which means sensitive information is never saved to any database. You can be completely honest with Budget Bear! If you want to save your results for your personal records, you can choose the "print" option on the results page, which will allow you to print and/or save results to a PDF. You can also Tweet your results (which just tells everyone what Budget Bear thinks your primary goal should be, e.g. "Budget Bear looked at my budget and thinks I should focus on my Home").

### Who is behind Budget Bear?

[Programmerman1](/Programmerman1) (Nick) - algorithm development, copywriting
[marcusross](/marcusross) (Marcus) - form interactions and processing
[caraheacock](/caraheacock) (Cara) - frontend development, copywriting, graphic design, illustration

### What technologies were used to create Budget Bear?

Budget Bear is mostly just HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. There is no "backend" really, which is nice for the user because their information isn't being submitted anywhere.

We do use [SASS](http://sass-lang.com/) and [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) which compile into CSS and JavaScript, respectively. We also used [IcoMoon](https://icomoon.io/) for the custom icon font.

### Budget Bear is adorable.

That's not a question but thanks. (◡‿◡✿)
